[All Hosts] (testing) unit testing of collection objects not supported (#3856)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/testing/unit-testing.md

Examples of both types of tests are in the subsections below.

> [!NOTE]

> > The Office-Addin-Mock library doesn't currently support mocking collection type objects. We are working hard on adding this support to the library.

Reviewer: Two minor suggestions: 
1. Per style guide, gerunds are hard to machine translate. 
2. Could you include an example of a collection type object that isn't supported?
```suggestion
> The Office-Addin-Mock library doesn't currently support mocking collection type objects. We are working hard to add this support to the library.
```

Author: ```suggestion
> The Office-Addin-Mock library doesn't currently support mocking collection type objects, which are all the objects in the application-specific APIs that are named on the pattern *Collection, such as WorksheetCollection. We are working hard to add this support to the library.
```
